H is lifeus now in occupied East
Jerusalem so what more did we hear from
uh blinkin and and how was it
received well sources say that meeting
between the US Secretary of State and
the palan authority president was
actually quite tense and there were a
lot of arguments and disagreements one
of the main points of contention that
Mahmud Abbas brought up to the attention
of blinkin was the fact that the funds
that are supposed to be given to the
Palestinian Authority have still been
frozen remember the Israeli Finance
Minister and known Ultra nationalist bet
smot has said that these funds will not
be going to the Palestinian Authority
and they have been frozen for months
additionally abas was reportedly telling
blinkin that if he cannot even solve
this basic issue about money and funding
how is he going to assist in a peace
process a pathway to a Palestinian State
Additionally you have Secretary of St
State Anthony blinkin who wants to see a
revitalized Palestinian Authority take
over the Gaza Strip that has been the
American position for some time but the
Israelis are against the Palestinian
Authority in its current condition
ruling civilian matters in Gaza in fact
the Israelis have said that no matter
what no matter who takes over control in
Gaza whatever Palestinian entity it is
whatever it looks like they will still
have some sort of security and Military
control in Gaza free to come and go as
they please this of course is rejected
by the Palestinians not something they
want to see but it could be something
similar to what happens in the occupied
West Bank on a daily basis but the
Americans have been clear in that
rhetoric that there needs to be
transitions in the PA there needs to be
new leadership and there needs to be
just a new type of what they're calling
an overhaul essentially so that that
body can be successful in running
Palestinian Affairs in Gaza but the
Israelis again have rejected the idea of
the Palestinian Authority as is ham
thank you ham salut in occupied East
Jerusalem